+ Port NAnt-Gui to SharpDevelop.Core?  Would thereby eleminate the need to use the text editor 
  control.  Would give access to syntax highlighting, code completion, add-in architecture, 
  find/replace dialog, etc...  Only for .Net 2.0 though.
+ Multiple tabs
	* Store open files in registry and when NAnt-Gui is loaded, load all the previously loaded 
	  build files
	* Allow only one instance of NAnt-Gui to load
	* Only allow one copy of a file to be loaded at a time
	* Add right-click context menu on tabs
+ Add a property window to change nant settings after nant-gui is loaded	  
+ Remove ScriptTabs, MainTabControl, and ScriptEditor.  Overuse of the mediator pattern, use 
  events instead
+ Dynamic help in the text editor with NAnt
+ Make NAnt-Gui work with other .Net framework versions besides 1.1
+ Version of NAnt-Gui for .Net 2.0
+ Put load and save of buildfiles into threads
+ Change the way that NAntBuildScript.cs:LoadNonProjectProperty:134 works.  Right now it adds all
  properties from the Gui regardless of whether the property's value has change.  Only propertys 
  with changed values should be added.
+ Clean up how property bag works.  AKA, the events should change the values of the properties and
  the Tag property of the propertyspec class can be removed as you don't need to store the actual 
  nant property in the propertybag.properties collection
+ Create custom commandline options that make sense for msbuild, nant, and multiple tabs
- Add SLiNgshoT tool window to tools menu

1.5.0:
(DONE): Reorder projects.  Add a Gui project and move the UI code into it
(CANCELLED: Didn't work): Modify the app.config file so that it points to the nant directory, then 
	modify the app and installer so that it loads the tasks from the nant directory instead of 
	having to have the nant bin directory copied into the nant-gui bin directory

1.4.0:
(DONE) New build file functionality (test to make sure save, reload, build, either work, or ignored on new files)

PRE 1.4.0:
(DONE) Switch output windows to fixed-width font so NAnt output displays accurately
(DONE) Put scroll bars on the editor window
(DONE) Relatively reference nant for the prebuild step so it doesn't have to be in the path
(DONE) View output menuitem
(DONE) icon for output
(DONE) Move Menus into separate files
(DONE) Write MainFormMediator
(DONE) Enable drag and drop on the editor and tabs
(DONE) Fix copy and paste menu items (they only operate on text in the output window)
(CANCELLED: Non-standard behaviour) Add drag and drop text into the editor
(DONE) Make stop build menu item
(DONE) Hookup output and tabcontrol to mediator so it always knows which has focus for copy, wordwrap, paste, etc...
(DONE) Add cut, paste, and delete menuitems (diabled when output box has focus)
(DONE) Add copy, paste, undo, redo icons
(DONE) Create save output default initial dir reg key
(DONE) Modify the tab control so that it is hooked up to the tabchange event and figures out the selected tab then instead of always searching for the selected tab)